Clarify Gitpod Doc #7163 (#7689)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: pages/docs/environments/gitpod.mdx

You can use Gitpod in the cloud. Please note, that Gitpod requires additional configuration to work on the authenticated pages in LinkFree. See instructions for [how to set up your OAuth app](/docs/environments/environment-variables) for more information.

There are **2** ways you can open a repository with Gitpod.

> ####1st Method: Prefix the url with `gitpod.io/#`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1st Method: Prefix the url with `gitpod.io/#`
```
small markdown error here

> - Go to the GitHub page of your forked LinkFree repository

Reviewer: I notice you are using an unordered list in markdown to create steps.  Would it be more clear to have these numbered if they should be completed in order? wdyt?

Author: I thought the same. 😉

> - Copy the url from the address bar and paste the code `gitpod.io/#` in front of it

Reviewer: There's another way to do this that may be less steps.  You can simply replace the url with your github account. For example:
https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/

for me becomes...
https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/amandamartin-dev/LinkFree/

wdyt?

Author: Just to see if I understood correctly, do you mean to write something like that:

`You can simply replace the url with your GitHub account. (e.g. https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/)` [or another significant url]

instead of these two lines:

```
- Go to the GitHub page of your forked LinkFree repository
- Copy the url from the address bar and paste the code `gitpod.io/#` in front of it
```

Am I correct?

Reviewer: Potentially, I would test the flow on your end and if you think it would be a valid pathway to offer you could either add it in addition as another option or replace if you think it's a better solution.  Ultimately, whatever will get folks up and running!

Author: I think that must be well specified to the user that he needs to put the code snippet (`https://gitpod.io/#`) 
in front of the url of the forked repo (the one he wants to work on Gitpod) and not in front of the url of his GitHub profile/account. From my point of view, this info is essential and must be clearly specified to avoid misunderstandings and errors.

Clearly, I leave the final decision to you 😊

&nbsp;
  ![Screen1-Add snippet in front of the url](https://github.com/JenIsCoding/img_for_projects/assets/107807044/90d0b890-ac6f-4ce2-9544-4ebcae699ea2)
&nbsp;
- After starting the search, a warning screen will open; you can click the *Continue* button
&nbsp;
![Screen2-Pop up warning](https://github.com/JenIsCoding/img_for_projects/assets/107807044/e4c08e0d-8425-4827-91d6-961946cdd312)
&nbsp;
- The VS Code environment will appear
&nbsp;
![Screen3-VS Code environment](https://github.com/JenIsCoding/img_for_projects/assets/107807044/76e85438-f637-46d0-ab4a-b35e1ed813f2)
&nbsp;

#### 2nd Method: Use a browser extension

> The Gitpod extensions are available for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/it/firefox/addon/gitpod/) and [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gitpod-always-ready-to-co/dodmmooeoklaejobgleioelladacbeki) (also works for Edge, Brave and other Chromium-based browsers).

Reviewer 2: [Proofreading]  
```suggestion
The Gitpod extension is available for [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/it/firefox/addon/gitpod/) and [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gitpod-always-ready-to-co/dodmmooeoklaejobgleioelladacbeki). It also works for Edge, Brave,and other Chromium-based browsers.
```

For further details, read the [Browser Extension documentation](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/user-settings/browser-extension) on Gitpod official website.

### Permissions
If you encounter permission issues, follow the next steps:

> - Click on the menu button (the three horizonal lines icon) in the upper left corner and open the Dashboard

Reviewer: Same thoughts here re: unordered vs ordered list.  It may be more clear to have numbered steps here.

Author: Same here as well!

&nbsp;
![Screen4-Open the Dashboard](https://github.com/JenIsCoding/img_for_projects/assets/107807044/c85c6f90-2791-47e6-96e0-e4473029ea6e)
&nbsp;
- In the Workspaces page, click on your profile icon and choose *User settings*
&nbsp;

> ![Screen5-User Seettings](https://github.com/JenIsCoding/img_for_projects/assets/107807044/80d92ccf-79b5-4a94-a581-594818d0f79b)

Reviewer 3: Please upload the images to the issue and use the generated url from that for the image location

Author: Can I upload them in this issue, right?

Reviewer 4: Sorry we missed this - yes please add it to the Issue, here is the link: https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues/7163

Author: Perfect, thank you!

&nbsp;
![Screen7 - Edit Permission Settings](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107807044/254932967-e2e73598-1389-4e78-82dd-c21315e9650e.png)
&nbsp;
6. A first new window will open requesting additional permissions; you can click on the *Authorize gitpod-io* button
&nbsp;
![Screen8 - Add additional permissions](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107807044/254933012-ee8e10f1-ce60-4449-b4d3-c39a8dcd7ba6.png)
&nbsp;
7. A second new window will open, asking you to confirm to apply the changes made by entering your GitHub account password; you can apply and save the changes by clicking on the *Confirm* button 
&nbsp;
![Screen9 - Confirm with password](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107807044/254933034-d62098c3-b37c-4540-87d9-8d4fd641696e.png)
&nbsp;

[![Open LinkFree on Gitpod](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-Ready--to--Code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree)

export default ({ children }) => (
  <DocsLayout
    title="LinkFree Gitpod Development Documentation"
    section="Getting started"
    name="Gitpod"
  >
    {children}
  </DocsLayout>

> );

Reviewer 3: This code should remain at the end of the file

git checkout -b update-YOUR_PROFILE_NAME
```

<Alert type="info" message={ <> NOTE: To create your profile on LinkFree, please follow the [Quickstart guide](https://linkfree.io/docs/quickstart). </> } />

Now that we have our profile, we are ready to make some modification to our profile. Find the file with your account name in the `data` folder, and modify it as you want.

> For example, you can copy and past the following code

Reviewer 2: [Proofreading]
"For example, you can copy and paste the following code:"

Author: It seems perfect! :)

Reviewer 2: No, @JenIsCoding, I mean you have to make at edit lol 😄

> As a last step, commit the changes and create a PR in the LinkFree Repository.

Author: Sounds better :)

> As a last step, commit the changes and create a PR in the LinkFree Repository.

Reviewer 2: > Sounds better :)

Thanks! :) You're going to have to add my suggestion because I can't edit the file in your branch.

> As a last step, commit the changes and create a PR in the LinkFree Repository.

Reviewer 4: @JenIsCoding should you be looking to add the suggestion above (as I appreciate that this line has not been changed as part of your PR), please can you ensure that `LinkFree` is spelt with a capital `F` (as is it currently is shown on that line and throughout the remainder of docs).
